{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red217\green11\blue5;
\red9\green56\blue141;\red233\green234\blue236;\red251\green2\blue7;\red64\green68\blue75;\red245\green245\blue246;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c88946\c14202\c0;
\cssrgb\c1569\c29804\c62353;\cssrgb\c92941\c93333\c94118;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;\cssrgb\c31765\c33725\c36471;\cssrgb\c96863\c96863\c97255;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28260\viewh13960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\cf4 TERMS\cf0 \
\
TCP/IP
\f1\b0 :\'a0
\f0\b Transmission Control Protocol
\f1\b0 \'a0and\'a0
\f0\b Internet Protocol
\f1\b0 \'a0(TCP/IP)\
\

\f0\b DNS
\f1\b0 : The\'a0
\f0\b Domain Name System
\f1\b0 \'a0(DNS) is like an address book for websites\
\

\f0\b HTTP
\f1\b0 :\'a0
\f0\b Hypertext Transfer Protocol
\f1\b0 \'a0(HTTP) is an application\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Protocol"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 protocol}}\'a0that defines a language for clients and servers to speak to each other.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Files
\f1\b0 : A website is made up of many different files, which are like the different goods you buy from the shop. These files come in two main types:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Code
\f1\b0 : Websites are built primarily from HTML, CSS, and JavaScript \'97 the different programming languages websites are written in, which the browser interprets and assembles into a web page to display to a user.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Assets
\f1\b0 : This is a collective term for all the other items that appear on a website \'97 such as images, music, video, Word documents, and PDFs \'97 that aren't code that the browser interprets.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 IP address
\f1\b0 \'a0
\fs80 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 An\'a0
\f0\b IP address
\f1\b0 \'a0is a number used to address each device on an IP network uniquely.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 HTTP uses a simple language of verbs to perform actions such as making requests (see\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Methods"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 HTTP request methods}}). The HTTP\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Methods/GET"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 GET}}\'a0method is the one normally used to make HTTP requests of the type described above. For example, a request for the MDN home page might look like this:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Getting_started/Web_standards/How_the_web_works#http2_200"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf0 \cb6 \strokec3 HTTP/2 200}}\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The version of HTTP that the server is using to send the response, in this case HTTP/2, followed by a\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Status"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 status code}}\'a0indicating whether the request was successful.\'a0
\f2 \cb6 \strokec3 200
\f1 \cb2 \strokec3 \'a0indicates success.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Getting_started/Web_standards/How_the_web_works#date"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf0 \cb6 \strokec3 date
\f1 \cb2 ,\'a0
\f2 \cb6 expires
\f1 \cb2 , etc.}}\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 HTTP headers}}\cb2 \strokec3 \'a0containing additional information about the response (note that requests can have headers too), which provide extra information and/or modify its behavior.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Getting_started/Web_standards/How_the_web_works#!doctype_html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf0 \cb6 \strokec3 <!doctype html>
\f1 \cb2 , etc.}}\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The response body, which in this case contains the MDN homepage's HTML document.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Getting_started/Web_standards/How_the_web_works#other_status_codes"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs48 \cf7 \cb2 \strokec3 Other status codes}}
\fs48 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Above, we met the\'a0
\f2 \cb6 \strokec3 200
\f1 \cb2 \strokec3 \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Status"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 status code}}, which indicates that the HTTP request was successful. There are many HTTP status codes with specific meanings and uses, but you will only commonly see a few:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Getting_started/Web_standards/How_the_web_works#301"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf0 \cb6 \strokec3 301}}\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The requested resource has been permanently moved to a new location, which is provided in the response. This is used for redirecting content when it's moved.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Getting_started/Web_standards/How_the_web_works#400"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf0 \cb6 \strokec3 400}}\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The server can't process the request. This usually happens when the request isn't in a format the server understands, or has errors in it.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Getting_started/Web_standards/How_the_web_works#403"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf0 \cb6 \strokec3 403}}\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The server will not give the client access to the requested resource. This usually happens when the server knows who the client is, but they don't have permission to access the requested page.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Getting_started/Web_standards/How_the_web_works#404"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf0 \cb6 \strokec3 404}}\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The server cannot find the requested resource. This status is commonly returned if the URL is wrong or if content is deleted without putting a redirect in place.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Getting_started/Web_standards/How_the_web_works#503"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf0 \cb6 \strokec3 503}}\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The request cannot be handled due to a problem with the server. This is common when servers are offline for maintenance, and it's expected to be temporary.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Getting_started/Web_standards/How_the_web_works#components_of_a_url"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \ul \ulc0 \strokec3 Components of a URL}}
\fs36 \cb2 \ul \strokec3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \ulnone \strokec3 Technically, web addresses that you type into the browser address bar form part of\'a0
\f0\b Uniform Resource Locators
\f1\b0 \'a0(
\f0\b URLs
\f1\b0 ). URLs define the locations of unique resources on the internet.\
A URL is a web address plus a protocol: for example, if you open a new tab in your browser, type in\'a0
\f2 \cb6 \strokec3 developer.mozilla.org
\f1 \cb2 \strokec3 \'a0into the address bar, and press\'a0
\f2 \cf8 \cb9 \strokec8 Enter
\f1 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 /
\f2 \cf8 \cb9 \strokec8 Return
\f1 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 , you will be redirected to a URL like the following one:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb6 \strokec3 https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs64 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The main parts of the URL are:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Getting_started/Web_standards/How_the_web_works#https"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf0 \cb6 \strokec3 https}}\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The\'a0
\f0\b protocol
\f1\b0 \'a0being used to send the request. In this case, we are using\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTTPS"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 HTTPS}}, which is a secure version of HTTP that stops bad people from reading your data while it is being transported. On the modern web, pretty much every server uses HTTPS, so if you don't include it explicitly, the browser assumes that is what you are using and adds it for you.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Getting_started/Web_standards/How_the_web_works#developer.mozilla.org"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf0 \cb6 \strokec3 developer.mozilla.org}}
\f2 \cb6 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Howto/Web_mechanics/What_is_a_domain_name"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 domain name}}\'a0of the URL, which represents the top-level location of the server you are connecting to. In this case, the web address you typed in is equal to the domain name, but this is not always the case \'97 you could choose to type in a more complicated web address. Note that the\'a0
\f2 \cb6 \strokec3 developer
\f1 \cb2 \strokec3 \'a0part is a\'a0
\f0\b subdomain
\f1\b0 \'a0(distinct content area) of Mozilla's\'a0
\f2 \cb6 \strokec3 mozilla.org
\f1 \cb2 \strokec3 \'a0domain. There are other subdomains on Mozilla's site that host distinct content \'97 see\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://support.mozilla.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 support.mozilla.org}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 bugzilla.mozilla.org}}, for example.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Getting_started/Web_standards/How_the_web_works#en-us"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf0 \cb6 \strokec3 /en-US/}}\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The\'a0
\f0\b path
\f1\b0 \'a0to the resource on the server that you are accessing. MDN keeps all its US English content in a folder called\'a0
\f2 \cb6 \strokec3 en-US
\f1 \cb2 \strokec3 , which is what this URL is pointing to.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\cb2 \strokec3 If you have your browser set up to prefer English content by default, then this is the URL you will be redirected to when you type in\'a0
\f2 \cb6 \strokec3 developer.mozilla.org
\f1 \cb2 \strokec3 . If you have your browser set up to prefer a different language that MDN supports, such as French, you will be redirected to a different URL, such as\'a0
\f2 \cb6 \strokec3 https://developer.mozilla.org/fr/
\f1 \cb2 \strokec3 \'a0instead. This isn't available to every website by default; the MDN developers have set MDN up like this to allow people to easily access the language they prefer.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs64 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 HTTP request methods
\fs80 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 HTTP defines a set of\'a0
\f0\b request methods
\f1\b0 \'a0to indicate the purpose of the request and what is expected if the request is successful. Although they can also be nouns, these request methods are sometimes referred to as\'a0
\f3\i \cb2 \strokec3 HTTP verbs
\f1\i0 \cb2 \strokec3 . Each request method has its own semantics, but some characteristics are shared across multiple methods, specifically request methods can be\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Safe/HTTP"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 safe}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Idempotent"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 idempotent}}, or\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Cacheable"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 cacheable}}.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Methods/GET"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 GET}}\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The\'a0
\f2 \cb6 \strokec3 GET
\f1 \cb2 \strokec3 \'a0method requests a representation of the specified resource. Requests using\'a0
\f2 \cb6 \strokec3 GET
\f1 \cb2 \strokec3 \'a0should only retrieve data and should not contain a request\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTTP_Content"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 content}}.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Methods/HEAD"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 HEAD}}\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The\'a0
\f2 \cb6 \strokec3 HEAD
\f1 \cb2 \strokec3 \'a0method asks for a response identical to a\'a0
\f2 \cb6 \strokec3 GET
\f1 \cb2 \strokec3 \'a0request, but without a response body.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Methods/POST"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 POST}}\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The\'a0
\f2 \cb6 \strokec3 POST
\f1 \cb2 \strokec3 \'a0method submits an entity to the specified resource, often causing a change in state or side effects on the server.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Methods/PUT"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 PUT}}\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The\'a0
\f2 \cb6 \strokec3 PUT
\f1 \cb2 \strokec3 \'a0method replaces all current representations of the target resource with the request\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTTP_Content"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb2 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 content}}.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Methods/DELETE"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 DELETE}}\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The\'a0
\f2 \cb6 \strokec3 DELETE
\f1 \cb2 \strokec3 \'a0method deletes the specified resource.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Methods/CONNECT"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 CONNECT}}\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The\'a0
\f2 \cb6 \strokec3 CONNECT
\f1 \cb2 \strokec3 \'a0method establishes a tunnel to the server identified by the target resource.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Methods/OPTIONS"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 OPTIONS}}\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The\'a0
\f2 \cb6 \strokec3 OPTIONS
\f1 \cb2 \strokec3 \'a0method describes the communication options for the target resource.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Methods/TRACE"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 TRACE}}\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The\'a0
\f2 \cb6 \strokec3 TRACE
\f1 \cb2 \strokec3 \'a0method performs a message loop-back test along the path to the target resource.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Methods/PATCH"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 PATCH}}\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The\'a0
\f2 \cb6 \strokec3 PATCH
\f1 \cb2 \strokec3 \'a0method applies partial modifications to a resource.\cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs64 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
}